Is there anyone who can do that?
No, I can't.
There is.
You imitate Akindo, the one who is playing the flute.
I can do anything.
Let me try.
There is a similar tone in that.
Really?
Na-ta-na-ta-na-ta
Shou-yu-ro-mo-ro-mi-ni-shin-na-zu-ke
What do you think?
It's not interesting.
Is there anyone who can do that?
Ma-kyo-higemaki
Asa-gao-nu-nai
Yu-gao-nu-nai
In-gin-sa-sa-gi
You sing.
I can do it.
Is there anyone who can do that?
Ki-nyo-ki-nyo
I can't do it.
Hey, come here.
Your voice is loud.
Is there anyone who can do that?
I can do it.
How about the one who is playing the flute?
You are very powerful.
Is there anyone who can do that?
I can do it.
I'm not kidding.
Is there anyone who can do that?
Te-ui-na-ma-gi-ga-mo-do-ki-na-te-ri
I can do it.
Wait a minute.
I like the tone of the voice.
The tone of the voice is the same as the tone of Takasago-ya.
How is it?
Is it?
Te-ui-na-ma-gi-ga-mo-do-ki-na-te-ri
It's similar.
Try it.
Takasago-ya is better to put tofu in.
Don't say it like you're putting beef in.
Te-ui-na-ma-gi-ga-mo-do-ki-na-te-ri
You don't have to do tofu.
You can't do Takasago-ya like that.
You can't do it like that.
Takasago-ya
Takafui
Is there anyone who can do Takafui?
Takasago-ya
Takafui
Is there anyone who can do Takafui like that?
Hurry up and ask.
Thank you.
I'll borrow your costume and go home.
I'm getting ready to go to the front.
I'm going to do the construction of the mountain pass.
Thank you for your hard work.
I'm afraid you'll have to wait for me.
Don't worry.
I'm here.
Yes.
Te-ui
No.
I'm going to take care of the construction of the mountain pass.
I'll be waiting for you.
Takasago-ya
I'm afraid I'll be late.
I'll be waiting for you.
Are you still waiting for me?
Takara-bu-me
What are you saying?
I'm sorry, but where is Inkyo?
Inkyo
I was worried about you.
I don't know why, but I was afraid you'd do it.
You're so small.
Don't worry.
You're the one who's going to open it up.